Simplify 'in order to' to 'to' in design and admin docs (#1115)
MicrosoftDocs/dynamics365smb-docs: business-central/admin-how-to-modify-table-mappings-for-synchronization.md

   > [!NOTE]
   > The **Table Config Template Code** and **Int. Tbl. Config Template Code** fields show different values depending on the number of templates that you configure for a specific integration table mapping:
   >

>    > * If you configure a single configuration template, the name of the configuration template shows in order to stay compatible with current capabilities.

Reviewer: **Issue (Important):** The verb *shows* here is intransitive (meaning "is displayed"). Removing "in order" yields "shows to stay compatible," which is ambiguous — it can be misread as "shows [how] to stay compatible."

Consider either keeping "in order to" for clarity, or rewording the sentence to use "is displayed" or "appears" instead of "shows."

Suggested rewrite:
```
   > * If you configure a single configuration template, the name of the configuration template is displayed to stay compatible with current capabilities.
```

>    > * If you configure a single configuration template, the name of the configuration template shows to stay compatible with current capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > * If you configure a single configuration template, the name of the configuration template is displayed to stay compatible with current capabilities.
```
